fix: standardize error handling in integration create/edit forms (#405)
wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-security-analytics: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed detector details failing to load right after detector creation [#249](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-security-analytics/pull/249)
- Fixed integration documentation field being truncated in the details view [#322](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-security-analytics/pull/322)
- Fixed duplicate submissions by adding a loading state to create, edit and delete buttons [#398](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-security-analytics/issues/398)

> - Fixed inconsistent error handling in integration create and edit forms to show the server error message [#401](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-security-analytics/issues/401)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed inconsistent error handling in operations with integrations, filters, decoders, kvdbs, detectors, rules and promotion to show the server error message [#401](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-security-analytics/issues/401)
```

Reviewer: Solved here https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-security-analytics/pull/405/commits/3f8ba32fd954bdbd7120833f19127800f1dc4329
